---
layout: post
title: "A Whole New Beginning"
date: 2021-12-14 07:08:34 -0500
---

Woah, its been a crazy couple months hasn't it, at least for this website. Now If you don't all ready see, this site has gone under some big changes, #1 is that the entire site has *some* form of a blog selection screen, bad thing is, it kind of looks ugly. This is going to be fixed soon, but since i'm working on a new project(will be mentioned later on in here) it may be a while before it comes, also trying to find a theme that works good with how this is, and also just looks nice is kind of hard to find. Now i'm not a webdev by **any** means, so I really don't know how to do any of this stuff, but I am trying to learn CSS, HTML, and JS so that this site can become better and have a much better look and feel.(and just feel like a website in general.)

So, where have I been these past couple of months, you may ask. Well i've been doing some projects (some haven't been finished yet and is still in the process)

Well I have been dealing with school(unfortunately) and doing a couple of projects, one of them, as you may have seen on my [Youtube Channel](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCQddmybOTQu_xz0Pl1sgwGQ) was that I announced a project called "[Oculus Link for Linux](https://github.com/MilkJug1/OculusLinkLinux)", which judging by its name, does *exactly* what is does. Also, yes I will still be calling the "Meta Quest", by its former brand Oculus, sounds better than "Meta" to be honest.

At the very moment, there is nothing on the repo, but there is a separate repo for a fork of popular Quest app called ALVR, now this will be the basis for this project, since I really have no idea how this piece of software works. I am trying to reverse engineer Oculus Link, which will be having a update to this blog soon so come back soon!

*Anyways*, with that out of the way, what else have I been doing, well one of them was learning a PCB editor called KiCad. Now the reason for it, well I work with Arduino's for robotics, now my teacher had to make a separate PCB design for the bluetooth module and the OLED screen that we had for it, now it was for a way for us to drive it with our phones and see the output that came from the app and more. Well it was a pain to put on and take out when we needed it, since we have like 2 different PCB's for this. One was a motor board from Adafruit and our own teachers design, so I decided that I wanted to merge them together and see if it were to work. The issue, I don't really know how to use KiCad and what exact parts both Adafruit and my teacher used for this(that's actually kinda easy since its just a couple pin headers and 2 capacitors).

There will be updates to these 2 projects in my blog so stay tuned for that.

    Well? Is that it?

Not necessarily, another blog will be coming out for ORLL(Oculus Link for Linux) talking about how I want the release cycle, and more to come. I didn't want to fit it all in here since I didn't want to make this *too* long, and that I have other points that I want to touch on. Anyways, I do stream what I am doing on my channel, my most recent one was something about looking at "decompiled" Oculus apps(mostly exe's that I found in the files) trying to get a gist on how Oculus Link works. With that all out of the way I want to make an important announcement about ORLL which is,*if any person out there has information on how Oculus Quest works(not just Oculus Link) Please feel free to send me websites, photos, and more on how the Oculus Quest works, it would be greatly appricated, I really can't find any kind of good sources for the Oculus Quest and how it fully works. Which is why at first, this will be a modified fork of ALVR*
