---
layout: post
title:  "Projects I've done and what I do."
date:   2021-11-21 03:54:12 -0500
---

Well this is going to be a weird start, now that I am able to post blogs, its going to feel weird the first couple of days.

Some of you may not know who I am, if not then I guess you haven't taken a look at my [Github main page](https://github.com/MilkJug1). For all who don't know, I am a programmer (I think that's super obvious), been doing it for a couple of years and I taught my self. I only know about probably 5 programming languages (C/C++, Python, Java, Rust, and more) Soon I am thinking about making another post about why I decided to learn programming, its kind of a depressive story to be honest.

I am a Linux, FOSS, and programming person(I don't really know the exact word for it) and have been using Linux for the past couple of years, I've almost switched to Linux( All the games that I play work fine on Linux) I use Arch( or to be specific, [ArchCraft](https://archcraft.io/)) Archcraft is a nice distro to use, if you wanna use a window manager, but without the hassle of trying to mess with config files too much. I usually don't have much time to customize a thing like that a lot so having it come pre-configured is a better timesaver (Plus these themes for OpenBox, Bspwm, DWM, and more are very nice), Anyways with that out of the way, Linux has been a game changer for me these past couple of years and I've loved it, much more than when I am on Windows.

Now for the past couple of weeks and or months, I have been working on a couple of projects. *some of which are still in the designing phase*.

I for some reason start projects, do them(like research and all) for like a couple of days and then just forget to actually do them. It's mostly because of school and other personal stuff that gets in the ways.

For the people who are interested on what the projects are, they are:

- OS made in Rust, Because i wanted to see how hard it was.

- Arduino emulator for testing code before putting it onto the robot and wasting more time to set it up (trust me, after like the 15th time doing it; it gets kind of annoying)

- Something to do with a raspberry pi

- (My biggest priority at the moment) a Oculus Link working on Linux

That last one may surprise you since, why would anyone wanna do that.
If you are on Linux and really love playing VR games, you kinda understand the pain of trying to play said games, since some of us can't afford a Vive headset or a Valve Index in order to play on Linux, since some of us own a oculus headset and trying to get the Oculus Quests to work inside of Linux is a pain.

I wanna try and help alleviate that pain, since if Oculus isn't going to do it, then who is? I been wanted to play VR games on Linux since I've switched to it a couple years ago. Kinda sucks that I have to switch to Windows(I have Single GPU pass-through configured for KVM/QEMU but its kinda borked again :( )

At the time of writing this, I haven't been able to find a way to get it working on Linux through a cable or through Virtual Desktop.

Continuing on from that, I still have a couple of projects that I am pondering about, or deciding if I really want to do them. I usually have schoolwork so I can't really put much time into some of this, its also one of the reasons why these projects get abandoned after so much time.

Anyways, I'm going to leave it there for now, will come back to this at a later time with a better post. So stay tuned for another post coming up!
